LoFo Supabase Setup

The HTML page uses Supabase for shared item records, live updates, and item photos.
The project URL and public anon/publishable key go in LoFo.html. Never use a
service-role or secret key in a browser page.

1. Create a Supabase project and open SQL Editor.
2. Run this SQL to create the shared items table and public policies:

create table if not exists public.items (
  id bigint primary key,
  name text not null,
  category text not null,
  status text not null check (status in ('lost', 'found')),
  location text not null,
  date date not null,
  image text not null
);

alter table public.items enable row level security;

create policy "Public can read items" on public.items
  for select to anon using (true);
create policy "Public can add items" on public.items
  for insert to anon with check (true);
create policy "Public can update items" on public.items
  for update to anon using (true) with check (true);
create policy "Public can delete items" on public.items
  for delete to anon using (true);

3. In Supabase, open Database > Replication and enable Realtime for public.items.
4. Open SQL Editor and run this SQL to create the public photo bucket and access
   policies:

insert into storage.buckets (id, name, public)
values ('lofo-images', 'lofo-images', true)
on conflict (id) do update set public = true;

create policy "Public can view LoFo photos" on storage.objects
  for select to anon using (bucket_id = 'lofo-images');
create policy "Public can upload LoFo photos" on storage.objects
  for insert to anon with check (bucket_id = 'lofo-images');
create policy "Public can update LoFo photos" on storage.objects
  for update to anon using (bucket_id = 'lofo-images')
  with check (bucket_id = 'lofo-images');
create policy "Public can delete LoFo photos" on storage.objects
  for delete to anon using (bucket_id = 'lofo-images');

5. Copy the Project URL and the anon/publishable key from Project Settings > API.
   Replace YOUR_SUPABASE_PROJECT_URL and YOUR_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_OR_ANON_KEY
   near the top of the main script in LoFo.html.
6. Push this project to a GitHub repository on the main or master branch. The
  included GitHub Actions workflow publishes LoFo.html as the site's home page.
  In the repository, open Settings > Pages and set the build and deployment
  source to GitHub Actions. After the workflow succeeds, open the Pages URL
  shown in that section.

GitHub Pages serves only the static app; it does not run server.js or server.py.
LoFo uses the Supabase project configured in LoFo.html for shared items and
photos, so complete the setup above before expecting shared data to work.

When the table is empty, LoFo inserts its six example items. New records and
photos are then shared across visitors and update live when Realtime is enabled.

Security note:
These public policies allow anyone with the website to add, edit, or delete
items and upload/delete photos. The LoFo password prompt is only a browser-side
screen, not real security; its password is stored per browser and does not protect
the public database. For restricted access, use Supabase Auth and authenticated
policies instead of the public write policies above.